when I started out doing music
production I was really skeptical about
the list and then I found this easy way
of controlling it so it doesn't override
like this you put the delay on another
effect Channel remove any dry signal so
that this channel only makes
Echo then you automate the send knob and
this way you can tell the delay on
exactly which word that you want to
delay instead of the whole
phrase so you can play around with
stereo or pitch on the same delay
channel the word is your
[Music]
oyster now when're indulging in this the
most important notes are Auto Tempo here
and feedback also and uh much love as
always
[Music]
thank you like And
subscribe dri